Shae Morlis
C# HW8
1. What is the difference between deep copy and shallow copy? Shallow Copy: copies whats on the stack. Deep Copy: follow the pointer from the heap and brings it to stack. 
2. What is the value of a reference after you declare and initialize it? reference is bound to the object identified by the value or to its base class sub-object.
3. How do you declare a value type? You can declare a value type by using the reserved keyword, for example, Decimal. You can also use the New keyword to initialize a value type.
4. How do you declare a reference type? You declare a reference type by using the keywords class, interface, delegate and record. 
5. Does C# allow you to assign NULL to a value type? No, you cant assign null as a reference type. 
Season? colorful = null; 
6. Can you assign a nullable value type to a non-nullable variable of the same type? Why or why not? No, because you cannot assign a nullable type to a non-nullable type. 
7. What is the difference between the stack and the heap? Recall that a value type variable holds its value directly on the stack, whereas a reference type variable holds a reference to an object on the heap. 
8. What does it mean when we say that all classes are specialized types? Simply speaking class is a specialized type used to encapsulate properties and behavior of an object. 
9. What does ref do?  The ref keyword in C# is used for passing or returning references of values to or from Methods. Basically, it means that any change made to a value that is passed by reference will reflect this change since you are modifying the value at the address and not just the value. 
10. What does out do? The out is a keyword in C# which is used for the passing the arguments to methods as a reference type. It is generally used when a method returns multiple values. Important Points: It is similar to ref keyword. 
11. Describe boxing and unboxing in your own words. Boxing- wrapping a value type within an object.
Unboxing- extracting the value from the object. 
12. What does cast do? Type casting is a way to convert a variable from one data type to another data type. 
