Shae Morlis
C#HW12

1. How does inheritance promote the principle of don't repeat yourself (DRY)?
The Don't Repeat Yourself (DRY) principle is a common principle across programming paradigms, but it is especially important in OOP. 
According to the principle: Every piece of knowledge or logic must have a single, unambiguous representation within a system.

2. What is the syntax of a derived class that inherits from a base class?
class DerivedClass : BaseClass

3. Do all user defined types (classes and structs) inherit from some base class? If so, what is it?
There is no inheritance for structs as there is for classes. A struct cannot inherit from another struct or class, 
and it cannot be the base of a class. Structs, however, inherit from the base class Object.

4. What happens if you do not have a default constructor in a base class when creating a derived class?
If a base class does not offer a default constructor, the derived class must make an explicit call to a base constructor by using base.

5. Can you assign a variable of a derived class to another variable of its base class? Why or why not?
No it is not possible, hence your runtime error. But you can assign an instance of a derived class to a variable of base class type.

6. Can you assign a variable of a derived class to another variable of of a derived class of its base class?
Why or why not? Yes, you can assign an instance of a derived class to a variable of base class type.

7. Can you assign a variable of a base class to another variable of a derived class? Why or why not?
You can cast a variable that is typed as the base-class to the type of a derived class; however, 
by necessity this will do a runtime check, to see if the actual object involved is of the correct type. 
Once created, the type of an object cannot be changed (not least, it might not be the same size).

8. Under what circumstances would you want to use the new keyword when defining a method in a
derived class?

'new' keyword is needed to allow you to 'override' non-virtual and static methods

9. What is a virtual method? Why would you want to define a virtual method?
A method that is intended to be overridden is called a virtual method. 
Overriding a method is a mechanism for providing different implementations 
of the same method—the methods are all related because they are intended to perform the same task, but in a class-specific manner. 

10. What does override do? Why does it do it?
declare another implementation of that method

11. How do you define an extension type?
Extension methods enable you to "add" methods to existing types without creating a new derived type, recompiling, or otherwise modifying the original type. 

12. Why do you define an extension type?
Extension methods are static methods, but they're called as if they were instance methods on the extended type.

13. (Not in book) Explain the Liskov substitution principle.
The Liskov Substitution Principle in practical software development. 
The principle defines that objects of a superclass shall be replaceable with objects of its subclasses without breaking the application. 
That requires the objects of your subclasses to behave in the same way as the objects of your superclass.